# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.10.1
    # via chronos-forecasting
aioboto3==12.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiobotocore==2.12.3
    # via aioboto3
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   fsspec
    #   python-binance
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
alpaca-py==0.42.1
    # via -r requirements.in
alpaca-trade-api==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.66.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via nbconvert
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.34.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
botocore==1.34.69
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
chronos-forecasting==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cliff==4.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   hyperopt
    #   stable-baselines3
cmaes==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cmd2==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.16
    # via neuralforecast
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.2.2
    # via python-binance
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   retry
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via alpaca-trade-api
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
einops==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
gluonts==0.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via tensorboard
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gym==0.23.0
    # via
    #   pettingzoo
    #   pufferlib
gym-notices==0.1.0
    # via gym
gymnasium==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   datasets
    #   jupyterlab
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jaxtyping==0.2.29
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.3.0
    # via rfc3987-syntax
lightning==2.4.0
    # via gluonts
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-datareader
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   ray
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   torch
neuralforecast==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.4.7
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   hyperopt
    #   matplotlib
    #   neuralforecast
    #   opencv-python
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pettingzoo
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.106.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==3.4.17.63
    # via pufferlib
openskill==2.4.0
    # via pufferlib
optuna==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   neuralforecast
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   deprecation
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   ray
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
    #   utilsforecast
pandas-datareader==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
pbr==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pettingzoo==1.15.0
    # via pufferlib
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
pip==25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pufferlib==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   retry
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   ray
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via python-binance
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   alpaca-py
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   gluonts
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
pytest==8.4.2
    # via pytest-env
pytest-env==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-binance==1.0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   cliff
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
ray==2.49.1
    # via neuralforecast
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   python-binance
    #   ray
    #   transformers
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   rich-argparse
    #   typer
rich-argparse==1.7.1
    # via cmd2
rotary-embedding-torch==0.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   gluonts
    #   hyperopt
    #   openskill
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pbr
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   triton
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   python-binance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
sseclient-py==1.8.0
    # via alpaca-py
stable-baselines3==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via ray
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
toolz==0.12.1
    # via gluonts
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   chronos-forecasting
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.8.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightning
    #   openai
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.56.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chronos-forecasting
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via jaxtyping
typer==0.17.4
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20251008
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240917
    # via -r requirements.in
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20241207
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   gluonts
    #   gymnasium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via dateparser
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   botocore
    #   requests
utilsforecast==0.2.12
    # via neuralforecast
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   python-binance
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via aiobotocore
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
